[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Eclipse season
will be here soon,
what you can expect and how to
prepare for this cosmic dance
between the sun,
moon, and Earth.
>> Many people are going to
experience death and rebirth
from their own ashes.
>> This is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Both solar and
lunar eclipses hold
strong energy in astrology.
They can shake us up
and stimulate change
within ourselves to
reach our highest power.
We will soon see a partial solar
eclipse and a lunar eclipse.
What can we expect from
these cosmic events?
[SOUND EFFECTS PLAYING]
Astrologer Mercedes
Arnus Arraut.
>> Eclipses take place
when we have lunar events,
which are full
moons or new moons,
that fall close
to the nodal axis.
So what is the nodal axis?
The nodal axis is the
axis of intersection
between the orbit of
the moon around Earth
and the orbit of
Earth around the sun.
That axis of intersection
has a north and a south,
and those points
are called "nodes."
So the north node represents
our destiny, our future,
where we're headed as humanity.
What is our destination?
What is our direction?
Where do we need to focus on?
In the south, the south
point, the south node
represents our past,
what we need to purge,
what we need to cleanse,
what we need to integrate,
what we need to let go.
>> The first eclipse
will be on April 30,
but Mercedes says we will
feel it a lot sooner.
>> We usually feel it.
We start feeling it
like around a month
before the first
eclipse takes place.
So this first eclipse that
takes place the 30th of April
brings many, many
changes into our lives
since all eclipses are like
catalysts that align us
with our highest purpose.
Whatever is not
aligned in our lives,
eclipses literally will
cleanse, will detox,
will be used as tools to
show us what path to do we
need to follow.
>> Soon after the solar eclipse,
we will see a lunar eclipse
in May.
How does this relate to the
solar eclipse we just had?
>> We can expect
endings, closures,
cleansings to situation that we
need it to detox of our lives.
So Scorpio is already the
energy of emotional detox,
of power, empowerment.
So we can be feeling
very emotional close
to this eclipse,
but it's also going
to give us the power
to move forward
with those changes
we're already starting
with the previous eclipse.
So it's very normal to be
experiencing resistance
to let go of certain
situations with this eclipse.
But we can definitely
see a lot of endings
and a lot of closing
times for people
to walk out of our lives and
people to walk into our lives
as well, especially with
the previous eclipse.
>> How should we prepare
mentally and physically
for these changes?
>> Many people are going to
experience death and rebirth
from their own ashes as new
beings creating literally brand
new lives for themselves, moving
towards a much more practical,
much more positive, much
more growing reality.
But in order for
that to happen, we
need to let go of what
no longer serve us.
>> What can we look forward
to and take advantage of this
eclipse season?
>> Overall, we can use this
eclipse season to focus
on building a new reality for
us, focus on enjoying Earth,
enjoying the pleasures
of being conscious,
of being a conscious human
being appreciating what makes us
happy, letting go of whatever
brings suffering or letting go
and cleansing that
emotional baggage.
Because that is what the cosmic
energy is guiding us towards,
to take care of what we
value the most and let
go of all the intensity
and what is no longer
necessary within in our lives.
>> For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[MUSIC FADING]